hi thank you for checking out for
braking systems we're gonna be talking
about our mountain bike brake pad
applications today the off-road braking
systems has been manufactured brake
products since 1946 we've done it for
the automotive division we've done it
for motorcycles and we've been OEM for
bicycles for about ten years now two
different brake pad compounds that we
can choose from or bicycles we would
have the 53 compound which is a cross
country compound it's the ones that
you're gonna see as the black stake my
metallic composite brake pads are gonna
do everything very well they have good
feel good performance and good longevity
then you have the fifty forty compound
now this is more of a specialist
compound for racing purposes you're
gonna be able to get a lot of feel a lot
of performance very very aggressive
right this is more of a race composite
this one would be used mostly for like
aggressive trail riding and downhilling
also want to make sure that you clean
the rotors a little bit very thin
sandpaper and a little bit of water 400
or 600 grit and just clean the rotors
ever so slightly and then you can
install the brake pads and go out and do
a series of light braking procedures so
what we usually suggest is just write a
bicycle up to like maybe ten fifty miles
per hour and get on the brakes all the
way to zero and repeat that braking
procedure like three or four times what
you're allowing is a break back to
varying and the material to penny to the
network
you have just thank you for choosing
alpha braking systems if you have any
problems or there's any issues please
make sure to contact us at our website
or our 800 tech line we have two tags
that will be able to help you at any
given time with any of your problems
thanks again for choosing